yeah
I'm just coming down to the end
of this morning and thing we
have some fresh eggs
there's a bunch of different
nests we've got some whites and
some Browns and all sorts of
different colors are chickens
are laying more eggs we can eat
right now i have at least a
dozen eggs here and I want to
make sure that they don't spoil
so i'm actually gonna pickle all
of these eggs today you can see
I'm getting it out it out you
two are having a little
standoffish about who gets a
lion a learnt you
it's a lot of chicken drama here
it's all of them
so i'm going to show you how to
pickled eggs
pickling is a great way to
preserve eggs if you have more
than you can eat and you you're
concerned that they are going to
go bad if they're getting a
little old
in order to make pickle days
you'll need vinegar
this is some honey from our
honeybees here and you're gonna
need some salt
here are some beats so beats are
a great addition to pickled eggs
because they had a really nice
color
so let's go ahead and boil these
eggs while the eggs are cooking
i am going to go ahead and chop
up some beets and boil them
ok so all of our eggs are peeled
now i'm going to put all of the
eggs into a large mason jar and
this is where they're going to
be pickled next step is to put
in our pitching ingredients
i'm going to go ahead and pour
all the beaches and toss in some
of the boiled beets as well
next is our homemade vinaigrette
I'm going to do 1 cup of this
you can also vary the amount of
honey i'm going to do a half of
the cup but I you can put a
whole cup if you wanted a little
more sweet and to top it off
with some fresh water same
amount of water is
half a teaspoon to a teaspoon of
salt depending on how much salt
your luck
the lid on i'm going to give
this a good shape
I want all of the vinegar honey
and water to get mixed very well
you have a fridge put in
refrigerator but we're gonna
just set it outside behind the
house in a shady spot after they
sit there going to be a really
pretty pink and after 24 hours
you can go ahead and start
eating